[Music]
in cells
it's very easy for those of us who are
blue pilled red-pilled whiteboard it's
very easy for those of us who are not in
cells to have nothing but withering
contempt for them not least of all
because the main way we encounter the
word concept and philosophy of ansel is
when mainstream newspapers cover
massacres on the front page
naturally actually there's going to be a
little bit of public backlash against
your philosophy if it's primarily known
for massacre massacring innocent
civilians at random it's you know kind
of a bad luck
um
when people ask me what my philosophy is
i describe myself as a nihilist so on
that level too
most people have really negative
connotations negative associations when
you describe yourself as a nihilist or
nihilistic you know
um
but it's just as important for us in the
mainstream to really sympathize with and
understand the perspective of themselves
as it is for them to sympathize with and
understand our perspective on the world
now what what do i mean by that
you know i've i've flown
all over the world
i have had gourmet food in paris
i've had gourmet food in beijing china
i've had gourmet food in bangkok
thailand
not a complete list i've had gourmet
food in los angeles california
and i know
food has nothing to do with leading a
meaningful life i know food has nothing
to do with happiness in life unless
we're talking about the difference
between
you know starvation and an adequate
healthy diet down at that level of the
spectrum food has everything to do with
how happy or happy you are right whether
you're able to sleep at night and wake
up in the morning without shaking and
trembling dude you know nutritional
deficiency right but of course it's very
easy for me having had those experiences
to say to someone else look man you know
food is not the meaning of life food is
never going to make you happy you know
why are you eating this way why are you
making yourself obese or you know or why
are you spending a lot of your money
flying around the world you know trying
to get like yeah that's easy for me to
say
and because i've done humanitarian work
i've known people who really lived in
poverty where for years they just ate
the same food again and again again and
they couldn't imagine that other life
you know like i didn't i could tell all
kinds of funny stories about that you
know i did i did some humanitarian work
in laos i did a combination of
humanitarian work and research in
thailand laos cambodia but yeah you can
meet people who've lived lives that are
so deprived that way and of course the
irony is when you meet those people
there are foods they were forced to eat
as a child
that they associate with poverty and
deprivation that we consider luxuries
you know what it means you can meet
someone in laos they consider themselves
a poor disadvantaged person and they're
like oh through their whole childhood
they were forced to eat fresh mangoes
every day uh mangoes i remember milk
fruit was like that there milk fruits if
you can't even buy los angeles would be
incredibly expensive but you know durian
all kinds of exotic tropical fruits they
look down on that you know they looked
out of that stuff
objectively speaking it's not that there
are no pleasures in their life but
they've they've never had mexican food
uh really even there even in asia that
some of them never had chinese food you
know chinese food is something in a
fancy restaurant for all these of course
you know there's looking up at french
food there were there were french
restaurants and uh they were former
french colonies like uh vincent the
capital city of laos and these places
all right okay but my point is here um
there's a challenge in sympathizing with
the other side in both ways it's a
challenge it's difficult for someone
who's had a lot of sex and a lot of
affection and a lot of attention their
whole life
to sympathize with someone who's so
fixated on their failure in this one
area that they can't really even reason
through
other failures within their life like
they're they're blind to some of their
own failings and they're blind to
failings of other people and their in
their movement because this is such an
overwhelming failure well you know i
mean likewise someone who's just so
completely
devastated by their relationship to food
i'm sorry if that's a little bit too
ambivalent a way to put it and i'm
saying ambivalent rather than ambivalent
for a reason someone can just be so
messed up because of obesity because of
overeating because of binge eating and
they can be so messed up because of a
life of privation and of yearning for
things they don't have or have never
been able to you know i mean it's it's
very difficult for them to have a
detached view towards these sex it's
difficult for each side uh to relate to
the other and you know what we we
actually accomplish nothing by hating
each other you know what i mean you you
accomplish nothing by expressing your
contempt and disdain uh for the other
side so i'll give you one example um
in terms of how deep this goes because i
the reason why this video was titled the
insult movement in 2021 is that i think
this movement this subculture on the
internet it actually has elaborated a
meaningful critique of 21st century
culture that's worth hearing and i mean
with i don't think that was true 20
years ago you know i think if you go
back 10 years 20 years you'd see that
these discussions were kind of
in their infancy they were taking their
first steps forward and maybe there
wasn't anything worth hearing there
maybe it was just a bunch of guys really
you know feeling sorry for themselves
self-pity
self-pity is a many splendor thing you
know it's it's real but you know um
uh there's a link sorry it's not even a
link i've given a shout out to this guy
whose youtube channel was just called in
cell tv
and just to give you an example he talks
through what it's like being someone
who's suicidal because they're a virgin
they can't get a girlfriend they can't
have a meaningful relationship they've
never been able to have a meaningful
relationship they have a series of
crushing failures
being suicidal because you're ugly and
you're aware that you're ugly and you
have other problems you know he didn't
specify but maybe maybe there's some
other problems like you're stuttering or
something you have some some kind of
problem it makes it very difficult for
you to socialize the people but you know
this
you know you can't get over it you know
your parents have lied to you you know
your church has lied to you people have
told you all your life oh it doesn't
matter that you're ugly you should just
be kind to other people you just you
know like if you go out and practice one
virtue or another and it may not be
kindness but one of the most common is
kindness where people tell
the ugly among us to just cultivate
their
their loving kindness to be kind towards
everyone oh yeah like women can't pick
up on that from a mile away right oh
this guy's being a little too kind to me
you know you think that can't freak
people out you think that strategy can't
backfire huh you know and and people
told them you know oh
you know your appearance doesn't matter
in life they laid this kind of really
phony and insincere philosophy while
they themselves don't live that way at
all and at the same time saying to them
that material wealth doesn't matter and
connections don't matter
they're given this this so you know he's
narrating the perspective of someone who
is disillusioned and crestfallen and
actually suicidal and going to seek help
from a psychiatrist or a therapist
who is in all likelihood female and i
think in his own experience this is
being
one of the people writing in had been
hospitalized it was only the female
psychiatrist
it may be male but a lot of the people
in those positions are female
and sitting down and talking to someone
who has absolutely no comprehension of
what your problems are no sympathy for
where you're coming from and who
fundamentally blames you for what's
wrong with you and it's letting you know
every day that you go to see them that
they deal with people who have real
problems unlike yours and you shut down
and you know denigrate you and dismiss
you know what's really for you the
greatest tragedy of your life you know
right or wrong now again sorry just
bring this back to food right i've i've
gained weight and i've lost weight
like for me i mean it's inconvenient you
know what i mean but like is it a big
deal is it something i'd ever weep about
something i'd ever be even upset about
you know no no no no not for me
but what kind of an insensitive [ __ ]
am i if you know whether as a therapist
or as a friend i sit down with someone
and in that same way i just can't relate
to the fact there are a lot of people
for whom obesity is the central tragedy
of their lives this is a much smaller
number from you know being underway you
know it's the center for your life so
i just mentioned guys it's incredibly
rare that i make notes before making a
video almost all my videos are
completely unscripted off the top of my
head and and the exceptions prove the
rule when i've written something down
it's normally something like remember
the anecdote about the horse
i've written down one thing that i don't
want to forget but in this case i
actually did uh write down some points
and it's because i did a considerable
amount of research before doing this
video and as i've already indicated with
the title of this video with my opening
comments here overall the research i did
it really left me very positively
impressed i really feel that in 2021
unlike just a few years ago
this in-cell phenomenon has become a
crossroads for a lot of really
meaningful cultural critique of looking
at and thinking profoundly about what's
wrong with our culture and it i should i
should put culture in the plural you
know i'm seeing
asian americans
criticizing asian american culture i'm
seeing african-americans criticizing
african-american culture and getting
into the minutia of how these cultures
overlap and contrast and work together
and you know there's some really deep
in-depth discussion of islam
and what it is being someone who's born
and raised let's say an arab culture i'm
aware they're also like there are places
like indonesia that are muslim but
not arab but let's just say someone who
grows up in an arab predominantly muslim
culture and the way those cultural
expectations you know then fit into and
fail to fit into living in england
living in the united states and so on so
i do actually think this has become
an example of the internet in a really
meaningful and powerful way giving a
voice to the voiceless and creating an
opportunity for all of us to learn a lot
by listening to one another but we will
learn nothing
but refusing to listen to another and
that that works both ways like i can say
to the people in the audience who are
getting laid people have had a positive
sex life their whole lives you'll learn
nothing by shutting down and ignoring
the incels
but i can say to the incels also
you are really missing out if you're not
willing to listen to us you know
the sexy people what do you want to go
what's the opposite of an incel you know
i mean the people who are sexually
self-confident
and the people for whom either
the rules in this society work like they
work in our favor
or
they don't work like for us too maybe
it's part of our tragedy but we've found
a way to rise above it we found a way to
thrive on it we found a way to thrive on
that that misery
and i mean certainly one of the most
obvious blind spots it's not the topic
of this video
but you will find that incels
adamantly refuse to believe
that someone who is good-looking and who
has had many sexual partners they
adamantly refused to believe that their
lives could be misery and could end in
tragedy and could end in suicide and
it's
it's the most common thing i i knew
people growing up who were actors and
actresses who were models i knew all
kinds of really good looking people
their lives were totally miserable i
mean we know really and you know some of
them attempted suicide and some of them
did commit suicide and others got into
oth different kinds of self-destruct
behavior i mean it's like it's such an
obvious thing that obviously in cells
won't they won't deny it
um but they're tremendously reluctant to
really take that on board because it
relativizes this one thing that they've
clung onto as the central tragedy of
their lives and i am not disputing that
like
i'm sorry i'm digressing from my own
script i haven't used a single point
from the list i've made up so far but
like you know
again it's easy for me i've been to
paris i've had gourmet food in paris
i've been to beijing i've had gourmet
food and fishing all vegan by the way
all vegan food i've been to los angeles
i've had gourmet food it's easy for me
to keep scorn all this and say dude it's
it's meaningless there's nothing there
it's not even worth trying i'm being
honest with you i feel like it is
legitimately not worth trying the vegan
doughnuts in los angeles or so you know
[Laughter]
my girlfriend's making a funny face she
it's i'm speaking for myself
look i'm uh i'm speaking for myself only
some other people in this room some
other people who have sex with me might
not feel that way
you know it's easy for me to say this is
a relatively nice thing but like to ask
someone who's either been a lifelong
virgin someone who's never had a single
relationship or someone who has had some
sex in their life but it's all been
marred by failure like they just haven't
been able to have successful normal
relationships and again maybe they've
slept with prostitutes and you know this
this kind of thing you know
but people have been struggling with
involuntary celibacy and who still are
you know like it's very hard to say to
them like
don't you realize how important
intelligence is
like haven't you ever been in a
situation
where there's a beautiful woman who
wants to sleep with you
but she's too stupid so you reject her
now a lot of these guys they will be
furious if you try to have this this guy
and by the way i'm saying this because
my reason is to try to flip it around
and say to them well don't you realize
that for a lot of women they're judging
you on things other than your appearance
and by the way that makes it worse not
better like if you think it feels bad to
be rejected because you're short how do
you feel about being rejected because
you're stupid because you're stupid or
you're ignorant or you're emotionally
immature or you're unsophisticated like
being rejected for mental and emotional
characteristics it's not like well that
feels great because at least i'm not
short
like no it's it's it's deeper and it's
worse and the women are rejected you
know yeah sometimes they're
they're furious and and outraged and
what have you you know what i mean but
like you know to be able to take someone
aside and and say that to them that's
really like saying to someone who's so
hung up on food whether because they're
obese or you know whatever their food
issues are whether it's compulsive
eating or whatever to say to them yeah
but don't you realize like food is just
this really kind of minor trivial thing
like as soon as you're not starving as
you're healthy like above and beyond
that necessity like this really doesn't
mean that much they can't see it that
way they can't get past this central
tragedy in their life to put it in
context to give it a sense of
perspective so i've said this before
we're gonna say this again it's very
easy
it's very easy to throw around this idea
of perspective see things in perspective
what does it mean to see things in
perspective
it means you can distinguish between
what's big and small
as opposed to what's really just
too close to you things that seem
enormous right
because of their proximity because of
your lack of distance your lack of
detachment right that's seeing things in
perspective just someone who's a
compulsive eater this way or someone
who's grown up in poverty and they
always felt this sense of resentment
that they weren't able to eat in a fancy
french restaurant
didn't even think about it actually my
dad was like that you know
my dad was all screwed up he grew up uh
he had a single mom
uh a single mom who was an employee at a
steel factory
uh so you know it was
objectively a poor family whatever i say
um but you know his mom was employed
they weren't they weren't desperately
poor but anyway uh
you know and and he was always really
screwed up about the difference between
a restaurant with paper napkins and
cloth napkins you know so he died just a
couple years ago you know like today
like in the 21st century a lot of the
greatest restaurants have paper napkins
like it's not but it's like no like you
know he'd be so messed up with this like
like he has to get revenge against the
poverty he was raised in he has to get
revenge against the world by eating in
restaurants that have cloth neck you
know he'd rather be in a restaurant
where the food is terrible but it's more
expensive and they got cloth napkins
like you know he's on this uh yeah you
know he's on a mission
so you know i i just say um
this was an interesting progression
wasn't it you know okay
it's impossible for someone who's who's
basically successful in their love life
to say to someone who's unsuccessful
someone who's an incel who's black
pilled who's on that spectrum to say to
them
look if you could get over this hang up
on appearances
you'd realize how important intelligence
is
how important ethical qualities are
right and how important like just being
interesting is finding someone
interesting right
but the point is and again it's hard i'm
asking you to sympathize the point is
you have to sympathize with the fact
that they cannot get
past
the role that their own ugliness has
played in their life their own
appearance has played their life one way
or another they exactly are the person
who can't get past it just like a sort
of compulsive eater someone with an
eating disorder someone with one of
these hang ups on food no they can't
relativize they can't see it in
perspective and that's their tragedy now
i mean the good news is as i'm even
indicating in the um
as we vindicate the title of this video
i think some really powerful and really
meaningful uh cultural criticism has
come out of this and that's why
you know that's why
that's why we all have a lot to learn
from in cells
i'm going to take a moment just read
your comments guys
um
okay so i'm just asking myself how much
you all want to digress
to answer these
these topics they answer these questions
you guys these guys are erasing use guys
there
um because because i have a lot to say
so
vegan soldier says quote you live in the
past tinder has changed the game close
quote the next guy brendan williams says
tinder has changed the game
what percentage of women use tinder
have you ever looked it up
what percentage of women
get married
to a man
they met
on
tinder i mean i'm sorry but
you said tinder has changed the game now
guys i'm not saying this to insult you i
don't know how old you are i don't know
what your educational background is okay
i have a degree in political science
that included the formal study of social
science statistics and i have done work
in a professional setting doing research
and analysis of social science
statistics you say tender has changed
the game
that's not it's not what the statistics
show and as soon as i say that you all
you guys are gonna
you're gonna have to sigh or shrug
because you all know this is true what's
the single
biggest difference between
and
2015 just using
consistent numbers
[Music]
one
people get married later in life take
your head out of your ass
are you [ __ ] kidding me
look up the age at which women got
married in the age at which they had a
kid
back in 1975 and guess what in 1985 it's
only a little bit different 1995 a
little bit different again
right
what percentage of the population in
was
voluntarily celibate
because of religious commitments
by this measurement
of religion
the percentage population that is
religious has plummeted
okay now
i'm gonna i'm gonna use a stereotype
here
okay
if you went to
an african-american
charismatic church
this is a bit of an old-fashioned term
talk about charismatic protestantism you
know it's meaning that it's a church
with music and dancing and high level of
entertainment so we can we can pick a
sect it doesn't really matter
and we're a protestant
african american church if you went to
that church in 1975 what percentage the
people in that church were dead serious
very serious about no sex before
marriage and then were very serious
about only having sex with the one
person they were married to
today
2021 if you go to the same
church and people are all dressed up
you know and i'm sorry but you can see
you can see on youtube there are some
famous rappers like
puff daddy and whatever there are all
kinds of rappers who go to these
churches and it's part of their
entertainment today and they seem very
pious while they're in that church how
many of those people
remain celibate until marriage how many
will be faithful to their
wives or husbands or whatever you know
okay
you say
tinder changed the game no it didn't
tinder is a lagging indicator not a
leading indicator okay and if you don't
know the difference between a lagging
indicator and a leading indicator that's
why you don't understand how wrong you
are it's saying that tinder changed the
game
right now let me say
technologically tinder wasn't impossible
in 1975 okay you could do everything
tinder does by mimeo okay like you know
it's it wasn't unattainable and you can
actually look back at the way swingers
swinger groups got organized and met up
and had orgies back in the 1970s in case
you didn't hear there was a lot of
swinging in the 1970s i think it's i
think it's debatable
where there was more swinging in 1975
than there is in 2015 you know it's a
time before aids before a lot of the the
the you know
um a lot of the concerns you know
uh
it's you know i understand technology
made things faster and cheaper and you
know i understand there are there are
ways in which technology changed the
world but really what we're talking
about here is that the world changed
and then
certain technologies found ways to
monetize that to exploit it you know
um
so no i i i completely understand i
completely understand where you're
coming from now again sorry i actually
have a bunch of points here because i
paid that i've made a list things i want
to talk about i haven't gotten to uh yet
um
in an earlier video
it's a two-hour long video so i
understand nobody's going to watch it i
understand
so i talked about the difference between
being attractive and being interesting
and this is something if you are an
incel in the audience if you're watching
this i understand it's going to be the
hardest thing in the world for you to
think about because what the incense in
cells will say right away is
but if you're not attractive people
won't even get to know you enough
to find out that you're interested right
okay
so i'm gonna speak to you now assuming
you're a heterosexual male
if you're not use your imagination what
i'm saying would be just as true if you
change the genders and orientations for
something okay if you are a heterosexual
male
how do you feel
when some
other heterosexual guy you don't know
and you've never met before just comes
up to you and starts talking to you for
no reason
you know you might feel creeped out
you might wonder if he's gay and trying
to sleep with you but like fundamentally
you're just sitting there like why are
you talking to me
why why do i have to have this
conversation what who are you like why
do i
and if you're a heterosexual male your
response
you you may find the guy creepy you may
find him intrusive like what you know
you just don't want to deal with them
whatever it is you got in your mind
you're walking the street you're
thinking about what you've got to do do
you think about something meaningful or
meaningless right
um
but the way you react as a heterosexual
male will have nothing to do with how
attractive he is right you won't think
like oh great this is a handsome guy
talking to me oh gee this guy's ugly why
is he talking
no
and i'm sorry to let you know if if
you're heterosexual male and you do
react
based on the guy's appearance you may
not be
as heterosexual as you think you are
right if if a dude talks to me right
now
you know um
if you
you know
what does it mean to be interesting
what does it mean for other people to
find you interesting okay
it may seem shallow it may seem like the
shallowest thing in the world well it's
not nearly as shallow as the difference
between being attractive and being
unattractive to someone right
and if you're actually out there
living a meaningful life doing
meaningful important interesting things
you know other people will find you
interesting they will start talking to
you they will start getting to know you
even though you're ugly
and no you know what
maybe you won't get laid
but you'll
lead a meaningful life and you'll have
other people who are part of it and so
on and so forth you know what i mean
so no i mean i'm not going to make any
false promises here there is
definitely the case you can
you can meet up with a woman that way so
i can give i can give specific examples
but
you're an ugly dude who becomes a chess
champion
and there's a good-looking woman and
let's just say she knows you from the
chess forums she doesn't know what you
look like
and then she meets you at a chess
conference and she's excited to meet you
because she's known about you for some
time and you're hideously ugly you know
i mean guess what
this woman she can choose any other kind
at the chest form it's true you know
what you still you know sure appearance
still matters i'm not i am not
disagreeing with the with the black pill
that way i'm just saying that if you
have those kinds of experiences you're
going to calibrate
your understanding of how much
appearance matters in a different way
because you're going to see physical
appearance
in the context of people leading a
meaningful life and really being
interested in one another you know for
many reasons okay so this was a
this is part of my response to this
thing about
um
tinder okay
tinder
both men and women react in a split
second
based just on seeing a photograph so
i don't know if this is different for
you guys where i am and on my phone
i don't even see any text with tinder
anymore it's just a picture
yeah so like i'm not saying no now if
you click a few times or you scroll down
i'm not saying you can't see any text
but in terms of like the way it displays
it now so not all apps are the same that
way i have a distant memory i haven't
been single for all them but i remember
in the past there being apps where you
would get you get a little paragraph of
text and a picture but like right now on
twitter i'm sorry if this is different
on iphone versus android or i don't know
but right now it's just the picture it's
just you know it's just one glimpse this
person it's true tinder is the most
extreme
you know most disturbing example of
people making a snap judgment in half a
second just based on your parents it's
absolutely true okay but guess what so i
go to university all right and guys i'm
moderately ugly okay i've got i've got
what you'd call a lot of character okay
do you have any idea how many women are
attracted to me and come over and start
talking to me get interested in me
because of the sound of my voice
and because i'm seeing something
interesting in class
no yes you can all jump in and say oh
well that's cause you're not a three out
of ten that's because you're not so ugly
that they would
it's completely true
the black pill is not i'm not here to
tell you the black pill is all wrong the
question is what attitude you're going
to take towards and what you're going to
do with that but my point is you know
the women i'm talking about coming over
and talking to me and wanting to get to
know me and some of them take me out for
coffee and take me up for lunch this
happened a bunch of times seven sorry
i'm not gonna boast here but yeah i have
tons of experience with women who are a
perfect ten trying to initiate a
relationship with me and this is part of
what i was saying earlier and me
shutting them down me refusing for like
intellectual reasons like emotional
reasons not in the sense of my emotions
but like this woman's emotional
character not being good enough for me
like you know ethical reasons again the
ethical reason being ethically this
woman is not good enough for me you know
what i have i have that kind of uh had
that kind of experience so it's easy for
me to say this right it's easy for me to
say well your appearance is just one
factor and the fact that you have a good
voice and you have you know you have
something intelligent to say and what
you're saying that particular person
finds interesting it's easy for me to
present that as being a mix and i
understand the position of the in cells
is this is the central tragedy of their
life you know they can't
you know they can't get over it they
can't cope with the fact that because of
their appearance alone people won't talk
to them won't listen to them won't give
them a chance it's
it's a legitimate it's legitimate thing
but obviously they're being blinded to
just a more nuanced and complex vision
of how these things fit together and
dude
i get it if your idea of reality is
tinder only i guarantee so the women i'm
talking about the women who responded to
me and god interested me after they
heard me speaking
they would have never been interested in
me on the basis of my tinder profile
never absolutely never would have
happened none of them
so is
so look you know i i get it like the the
like the black pill critique of
tinder
is real
but
you know
and i am not even gonna say like tinder
is not uh real life tinder is one part
of real life tinder is not everything in
real life
and sorry i mean a lot of these stories
i got i got to think about how i'm going
to anonymize them
there was one woman
and i don't think she realized i was the
same person she had turned down on
tinder
but there's one woman and she
flirted with me and tried to get at me
repeatedly in real life
and she had you know she'd give me the
thumbs down on twitter or whatever
sorry
yeah i'm sorry i'm saying twitter uh tim
tinder sorry you know i i've you know
uh
it happens you know the point is why you
know well the real life person she knows
is interesting
the photograph is not interesting right
you don't fall in love with a photograph
you fall in love with the whole person
you know all this stuff all of a sudden
and again i'm totally self-critical with
this it's easy for me to say right for
these dudes for this you know black pill
in cell community they don't have any of
that experience they can't see it in
that context
and they can't see
they can't even counter balance the
importance of their appearance to the
importance of you know being interesting
being intelligent you know these other
things
and sorry and by the way guys some of
you might jump in and say oh well being
interesting is subjective
being intelligent is subjective that's a
subjective judgment you're goddamn right
you know
you're right you're right and there's no
way you can strive to be objectively
intelligent or objectively interesting
you have to strive to lead a meaningful
life on your own terms and then you find
out what women or what men also you know
uh
you know find you
they share your values they share your
interests they find that interesting too
they value being intelligent in the way
that you're you're intelligent
okay so there's a guy in the audience
and i'm assuming you are
an incel so shout out to goofestos
go festos welcome to my welcome to my
livestream so confess those i understand
i understand your frustration and i
think you're ignoring the extent to
which i've been sympathizing with people
who are in your position i'm criticizing
your position but i'm criticizing it
with some new
sympathy
okay
um
[Music]
so you asked the question if a woman
could sleep with
10 very attractive men
why would they fall in love with why
would they get married to
an ugly guy you haven't asked them
have you
you don't have that kind of real life
experience
like on some level you know
you know that's reality on planet earth
have you been to a beach like you see
beautiful women with ugly husbands or
ugly boyfriends or ones who are much
uglier than they hypothetically could do
all the time
and if you actually were friends with
those women which no offense you're not
and i can tell from your attitude you're
not i mean you're never going to be
friends with those women they're never
going to hang out with you they're never
going to be your friends no offense
if you knew
beautiful women who have a lot of
options
they would tell you about why they made
the choices
in their life that they did
now
this is a hundred percent equal for for
men
i know so many examples of dudes who are
like bodybuilders dudes who are gorgeous
can i say gorgeous but i mean dudes who
are objectively good-looking
and they're with these hideous women
where i think like
whoa like i don't want to think i'm
shallow but if i was with her i'd feel
really bad about myself like i you know
my own self-esteem would suffer you know
being with someone i feel that way all
the time about really really
good-looking dudes who are with ugly
women
but if you talk to them if you find out
what their perspective is and why
they're why they're into this particular
woman or why they're or what the story
is for how the relationship
developed you know
their their humanity matters too
their perspective
matters too
right now like again uh guffestas
if i may you know
already here there's a dehumanizing
judgment built into the way you've
stated this objection right
you're assuming every woman wants to
sleep with
10 different guys
like you don't know that many women
like i've known a lot of women who
like in their whole life they didn't
even want to sleep with five guys
like their objective in life was to
settle down and get married and have
kids and have like
it's true i don't know if i really have
known women who wanted to have like one
sexual partner for their own life i know
i know plenty did i know plenty of women
were they only had one sexual product
for their whole life but like the
assumption
that women are trying to get a maximum
body count with a maximum number of of
attracted you don't know women bro you
know
and now again so there's
there are a lot of kind of
self-fulfilling prophecies here if you
only look at women who are
on tinder
right
it's funny so i'm 42 years old
but like with the women my own age
like the self-selecting minority you're
going to see on on tinder it's even more
extreme right so how many like so just
think there's the total population of
humanity
what kind of woman
at age 42 is like super lean super fit
and asks her friend
to hold the camera while she poses and
does like revealing
you know poses in revealing a tire in
like a like let's say it's like a wet
dress that's clinging to her body so
that she can post that on
tinder right that's not a typical 42
year old woman it's not an average 40
kilo woman it's like the same with
nightclubs if your idea of normal
is the women you will meet wearing body
paint in a nightclub wearing skin tight
spandex and body paint in a nightclub at
two o'clock in the morning it's not
normal it's not average it's not a
social science statistic right so you
know those women exist and their
perspective on life is out there too but
like a lot of the in-cell resentment
obviously not all not all i do like i've
been saying sorry if you guys just
joined for half an hour i've been saying
sympathetic things
but you know um
part of the resentment is the assumption
that what is most enjoyable in life
what's most meaningful what's most most
rewarding is precisely having anonymous
no strings attacks attached sex
pregnancy
they assume that the most rewarding
thing in life is to have anonymous no
strings attached sex with a stranger
they met on this
phone
app
tinder
or it's to go and get drunk and
effortlessly sleep with an objectively
good-looking woman at a nightclub right
and they're wrong they're mistaken now
it's true a very small percentage of
people live that way it is
what percentage people even go to
nightclubs but people who go to
nightclubs regularly and sleep around
it's a very small percentage of women
it's really a subculture it's just as
ridiculous to judge that as normal as to
look at like cosplay people are into
dressing up like japanese cartoon
characters and be like well
this is just human nature this is
here's here is the here is homo sapiens
in its natural habitat as you can see
here
we have a natural evolved instinct to
dress up in the clothing of characters
we saw in childhood cartoons and then to
get drunk and have oral sex with one
another yes as you can see by going to
many cosplay conventions you can see the
full range of human behaviors
no
no and i mean what i'm saying and
speaking from my own experience here
but it's way closer to what's normal
where i say look there are women who
would never give me a chance who would
never show any interest to me if they
saw me on this app tinder
but they hear me speak like including uh
hearing me give a lecture i've given
tons of lectures live in my life i stand
up in front of an audience and i give a
lecture i speak on some topic
and there are women who are interested
in me
see i mean you guys can imagine if you
guys don't know i'm vegan
i've never done this once in my life
uh hopefully i never will by the way so
william is amused by my thing about
cosplay i have made i have made one
youtube video about the sexuality of
cosplay uh conventions i have anyway but
you know you guys can imagine i'm vegan
if i go to a vegan conference and
probably the five guys who spoke before
me they're all wet blanket milk toast
boring things and then i get on the
microphone and i and i reach out to that
audience and i say look guys
i'm here to save the world i don't know
what these other [ __ ] are doing
on this microphone i don't know why
they're wasting your time i don't know
why you came here i came here to save
planet earth and here's what i got if i
come and i give a super
super dominant
[Laughter]
lecture to the island's way there are
women in that crowd who will want to
sleep with me they never would have
dreamt of it seeing me on see me on
tinder right so what am i saying this is
the solution your problems no
no i'm not am i saying the black pill is
wrong no
no i'm not
i'm just saying you have to look at a
factor like physical attraction like
like like beauty you have to see it in
this kind of relativized context it's
just one factor out of many so again i
want to just
reaching out to people in the audience i
am responding to what you guys are
saying even though i'm not quoting you
directly right but also uh this refers
back to something i said earlier okay i
can remember two
very different women in my life and
these were years apart okay and i would
say both of these women were a perfect
ten
if you've seen my videos with this i'm
not into rating people on a scale of one
to ten i say everyone is either a zero
or a ten okay both of these women were
ten
and
they were both
pursuing me okay and not at the same
time so
what what what did they have in common
they believed in
ghosts if you think physical appearance
is all that matters
some other guy when they were talking to
one of these women like i can imagine
some dude
some dude who just wants to sleep with
anyone or some dude who's who's
desperate or somebody i mean all you
gotta say back to the ones oh yeah baby
yeah you know ghosts yeah uh tell me
what you believe and then i'm gonna
rephrase it and say it back to you as if
i believe it too like you know you can
just
you could just pretend
to be interested in the same crap there
too you can pretend to believe the same
things they believe you can pretend to
have so much respect for that like dude
you know
both those women say
ghosts i'm out
i'm sorry but like who you are
intellectually who you are emotionally
like in so many ways right i check out
it's like no this woman doesn't have a
chance anymore right so now again easy
for me to say right
there are in cells you've never had that
kind of smooth there will be in cells
who watch this video even though like
two or three of you like i'm not saying
this video is going to reach a ton of
people but there will be in cells who
watch this video and they're sitting
there burning saying man you know i wish
i had been in this guy's position i wish
just once in my life there was a woman
who was a perfect ten and she was trying
to get me and so what if she's a little
bit kooky so what if she's a little bit
so what if she says she has literally
seen ghosts and she believes in ghosts
like i can make it work like if you know
if that's if that's your attitude or if
that's the way you've lived your whole
life that's how you feel i get it so you
can't relate to where i'm coming from
but this is why you need to sympathize
with my position because what i'm saying
to you is the same way i judged those
women
that's how women are judging you right
and you don't even realize it because
you're so hung up on this appearance
then so just
one example but this is deep
this is deep and it should be taken
seriously i already shouted out this
channel in the in the description i
showed it to this channel that's just
called incel tv okay
so i haven't seen every single video on
his channel but in prepping for this
video i think i saw everyone that
mentions elliot roger so if i'm wrong or
wrong it's possible there's another
video okay so if you don't know who
elliot roger is
he was an incel who was very unhappy
with his life he attempted to commit
mass murder
and then he committed suicide he was not
he didn't really kill very many people
but his plan was because he wrote his
when he was trying to kill a huge number
of people and be be remembered forever
as a as a mass murderer okay so that was
that was who that guy was all right the
way this other youtube channel which in
my opinion is the best
in-cell youtuber i think he's the most
sincere
i think he's the most substantive i
think some of the things he says are
profound
cultural commentary
but his whole approach to the analysis
of elliot roger is just to look at his
face
and to compare his face his facial
features
to better looking men and to attribute
his problems in life to his face are you
[ __ ] kidding me all right like guys
no offense no offense if you've been
watching this for 45 minutes if my brain
had somehow been transplanted into
elliot rogers body do you have any idea
how much [ __ ] i could have gone do you
know i have any idea how many women will
be lining up to [ __ ] me if i look like
elliot are you [ __ ] kidding me you
think his problem was his face
really all the same [ __ ] i've just been
saying about meeting women
are you kidding me
elliot roger
was
formally diagnosed as autistic
he had autism he was also dishonest as
hell
like you can't trust what he says from
his perspective you have to go compared
to what other people say because he
describes situations and like well guess
what there were other witnesses to what
actually happened that day and you know
whether that's because he was insane or
dishonest or whatever doesn't matter
okay
um you know
if you look at elliot roger and you
think this guy's problem in life was his
face right
this really reflects a pretty deep level
of self-delusion and deception this this
would be like someone's understandable
someone who's totally obsessed with food
totally stuck on binge eating or
something where they attribute all of
their own problems and all of someone
else's problems to food even if you're
saying well look yeah you know like this
guy is fat
but his real problem is that he's
autistic like you know
i'm sorry but the autism is such a
fundamental problem someone who is by
medical definition mentally [ __ ]
you know you don't think that's a
problem if you have any doubt if you
have any doubt that autism is an issue
how would you as a man feel
about having a relationship with a woman
who was autistic you don't think that'd
be a problem for you
so like you don't think it was a problem
for women
who who may have been attracted to
elliot roger like just on a facial level
but as soon as they start talking to the
guy they realize one he's a completely
ignorant video game addict shut in who
has no interesting experiences in life
he's terrible at conversation he's
terrible at making i contact you and
there's just there's something wrong
with this guy you know guess what we all
found out with time there was a lot
wrong with this guy i mean he had
violent tendencies and and everything
else right you know like i just say like
it's so glaringly obvious that there are
intellectual
and emotional aspects to this year game
right
but the in-cell response is to fasten
onto and obsess over appearance because
that's all they care about in themselves
and that's all they care about in women
too
you know it's it's based on a
dehumanization
of women you know as the german phrase
goes you know v du di veltan shout uh
social siddiq
you know like they look on the world
this way this dehumanization of women
and then you know it reflects back on
them their their theirs their analysis
of themselves you know and the uh it
fits into the same terms they fit their
analysis of themselves
into the same categories that they apply
um in the analysis of other women so as
you take take a minute to just look at
your comments so sorry for the dead air
has to go silent for a minute well i uh
you know
so brandon william brandon williams
makes a totally well intentioned uh
comment brandon williams says quote i
think lots of people's issues in the
black pill phenomenon stem from a lack
of exposure to the appropriate things
and getting jaded over some women's
ability to choose a quote unquote party
phase close quote
um
okay but brennan you know
some people are black-pilled because
they're black-pilled you know what i
mean
some people
are never gonna have sex
some people are never gonna get married
they're never gonna fall in love they're
never gonna succeed some people are
never going to overcome their problems
like even if they could
they won't like even if you and i can
sit here and look at a specific person
and come up with a series of steps
undertake where they could get over
their phones where they won't right so
i've had friends who were anorexic
have i had any friends who were
massively overweight i guess
yeah
don't give away too much i tried to
anonymize my friends there uh yeah i
mean i i guess i guess yo oh yeah yeah
the guy in kunming
yeah so he was he was like he was way
over 300 he was really like he was this
i knew this guy he was so fat like he
literally he sat in a chair and broke it
in front of me was a huge chair too you
know yeah yeah i mean he was that far
gone you know and walking upstairs okay
so yeah i have had friends who were
anorexic and i have had friends who were
who were massively overweight you know
so if they were black-pilled
the fat guy was to to be honest he was
he he only slept with prostitutes you
know i've i've known
different men who had gone that version
of the black pill where they only slept
with prostitutes they gave up on having
real relationships what do you think i'm
gonna sit here and like offer a critique
of their ideology like as if
as if they're wrong like eve like okay
so with that guy you could say oh well
you could just lose 200 pounds and get a
better attitude and like change your
whole personality
oh yeah
everything that makes you distinctively
who you are just
just change that
it's not
it's not working for you you know you
know and what i mean is
it's not working for me
so oh yeah and that whole thing all your
personal sorrow and broken heart and
disappointment yeah you just just no
just
you know like the point is even if
hypothetically you you and i could sit
here and criticize that fat friend i had
or you know one of my one of my anorexic
friends like what are you gonna say to
them well just stop being anorexic well
you just stop just i mean the point is
they can't stop you know the compulsive
eaters can't stop eating the compulsive
bulimics can't stop vomiting whatever
you know and a lot of these other things
what are you gonna do are you gonna say
to elliot rogers stop being autistic
like you know it's it's a mean so no i
mean
there are people who are black build
because they're black build because
they're black built and like there's a
sense in which no matter how wrong they
are
in the application of this analysis you
know there's still another sense in
which they're right because they're
telling you you know out of their own
sorrow and experience in life that they
haven't gone late and they're never
gonna get laid nothing's gonna get
better
and and they know they know their own
story they've they've achieved some
level of self-knowledge where they look
at their life and they admit to
themselves it's not going to get better
and they are not going to get better and
i'm not going to sit here and say that
they're wrong you know
all right
so one guy in the audience turn vol says
that his mother and sister both believe
in ghosts
and heaven and in reincarnation all
three and he says that he's single while
they are not
but he wouldn't make that
[Laughter]
trade um
okay so
last things first here you know
most people are experts in their own
lives
so
it's very hard to accept that
it's hard for people who are therapists
who are psychiatrists
everyone wants to pretend that they're
an expert in someone else's life and no
one wants to start a discussion from the
position of humble detachment of really
saying look
you know your life better than i do
right
um
and
it's very difficult to talk to someone
who is an embittered
suicidal violent incel
and to start from the premise look
you are an expert in your own life if
nothing else like i am gonna give you
credit for knowing your own sorrow and
your own misery and i am gonna take
what you tell me
seriously
if you tell me that your life is
hopeless i'm not going to say back to
you no it's not there are lots of things
you know
no and of course these guys they've
suffered so much because that's what
their parents do to them right like
their parents hear themselves oh oh no
it's not hopeless you still have lots of
opportunities you can still have lots of
ways to get it you know they're telling
you that you're like that their own life
is hopeless and you have to be willing
to to take it seriously now i gotta tell
you something
my problem in life has not been
attracting women
and note that i put the emphasis on
attractant all my life
lots of women want to start a
relationship with me like the attraction
phase being meeting and the spark and
the first movement right now of course
it's incredibly hard for me to find
someone who really
has enough in common with me
intellectually to to live
a life with me frankly even for two
weeks like i'm starting whatever some
you know it doesn't matter how gorgeous
someone is like you know to just spend
two weeks with someone to really
share your life with someone for two
weeks requires a lot of intellectual
emotional and ethical compatibility
let's say attracting women has never
been my problem but i can sympathize
with this aspect of the in-cell tragedy
because you know
everything else in my life
every other problem
people want to dismiss it and shut me
down in the same way so this is one my
girlfriend will be able to relate this
early you know for years
people would say to me
wow you're brilliant wow you know so
much about this subject while you've
done so much research or so much hard
work you should be in a phd program
you should get a phd and i would say to
them and this happened many many times
many conversations you know no
i thought about that for years i looked
into it i researched it i spoke to
all the professors in the field but you
know it's it's hopeless there is
absolutely no way for me to move ahead
with my career in education i get a phd
it's actually
impossible for me and every time you
know people would come back to you and
throw it in your face this way right
like people would uh
people would dismiss me and denigrate me
and shut me down the same way they shut
down in cells like when an incel says to
someone that they're fundamentally too
ugly and maybe too awkward like too bad
at speaking and socializing that they're
just you know
there are three out of ten and they can
never possibly you know get with any
women unless it's with prostitutes they
find denigrating they don't want to do
it so they're just living in in celibacy
and they're miserable about it it's so
easy for people to say back no no no
you're wrong you know no no like you
know no you have lots of options you
have lots of opportunities so people
have said that sort of thing to me in my
life again and again the phd thing is a
great example and these are people
they've never done five minutes of
research on how to get into a phd
program on buddhism for example i did
research on buddhism for like 10 years
you know they've never done five minutes
of research into what it takes to get
ahead in uh korean ojibwe language
studies i've been in a bunch of
different fields i've done research and
where people said i was brilliant and
encouraged me to to get ahead this way
and they want to act like they're an
expert
in my life and my struggle
and you know
so no it's interesting but when you
really think about what sympathy entails
when you really think about what empathy
entails it means we have to start with a
kind of generosity of spirit where i'm
willing i'm willing to take what you
tell me seriously um
i'm willing to treat you as an expert
you know
uh in your own life in your own sorrow
and your own struggle i'm not gonna
presume to have more expertise than you
do
about why it is that your life has come
to this point has come to this this
tragedy this sense of hopelessness
um now look i can argue against my own
uh
position uh here guys so chickpeas in
the audience says quote yeah you just
gotta agree with them offer compassion
sympathy and empathy close quote but
look chickpeas
black-pilled people
are still black-pilled because they're
black built
like that you know
i'm arguing against my own position here
all the sympathy in the world won't
actually solve their problems and it
won't even make them feel
better about it you know so shout out to
the couple of in cells we got in the
audience i don't know if the other guy
got so furious that he that he left
already but you know if you want to
share this link in the reddit groups
that talk about uh in-cell issues i know
i'll get hate mail but do it because you
know if i if 100 people
come over from a reddit group
for insells or from a discord group or
if you want to share the link or a
twitter page if a hundred people click
on the link and come here and 90 percent
of them hate it and give it a thumbs
down i'm still happy because like 10 of
them are going to really learn something
and really benefit from it and that's
that's always been my approach to
you know sharing information sharing
philosophy frankly you know on the
internet and sharing cultural criticism
you know i'm not out here playing for a
mass audience you know i'm trying to
help the people who can be
helped so anyway but yeah
as in like look
so chickpeas thanks for replying but
look
i'm saying you have to have compassion
for the n cells you have to have empathy
and so and so forth
for your own sake like it's for my
dignity it's because it's the right
thing to do i don't have the delusion
that i'm actually helping them i don't
have the delusion that i'm solving their
problem through my compassion or
sympathy you know i mean
um they're black pill because they're
black people because they're black
filled and and there are going to be
real reasons there and by the way sorry
like just uh
just to give an example you talk about
this thing like like appearance versus
being interesting and you know
appearance versus intelligence and
issues like people being uh
people having uh
autism and and other serious problems
you know have you ever have you ever
talked to and again in cells you may
have never done this have you ever
uh approached a beautiful woman
and like at a distance she looks
beautiful and you start talking to her
and then she has some kind of weird
twitch
like she has like a problem with her
nervous system she has a compulsive you
know twitching like i'm just saying like
and maybe you don't know why maybe sorry
i said it's because of her nervous
system you don't know is this a
psychological problem is this a health
problem does this indicate she's she
really has an illness like she had an
illness that's killing her right now she
could be dying of cancer for all you
know like i'm sorry but
i'm using this kind of really crude
gross obvious problem
because it's not appearance like someone
can be gorgeous but they believe in
ghosts you know you can
people can be gorgeous but they're
stupid people can be gorgeous but
they're mean so i did want to come back
to this so this this isn't where i'd
plan to come back to but i said earlier
i really do sympathize with these other
youtube channels including uh in cell tv
i sympathize with them when they say
that they were lied to by their own
parents that they were lied to by
psychiatrists they were lied to by
therapists and they were lied to by
religious leaders they were lied to in
the church or if they're muslim they're
lied to the mosque where people told
them you know the most important thing
is just to be kind like nobody cares if
you're ugly if you're kind okay
i sympathize i totally understand how
heartbreaking it is for them to grow up
and get disillusioned and realize the
extent to which they rely to another
black girl but let me tell you something
i have rejected women
who are perfect 10 because they were not
kind
okay there are women who are gorgeous
and they're mean
and they can't get with me and they get
rejected and shut down because they
weren't kind enough because they weren't
caring enough so even that even that
example where i think broadly speaking
like the in cells are right like i think
the incels are offering a really
meaningful critique of muslim culture of
christian culture even as i say they're
like these asian american in cells
they're like chinese guys born and
raised in america ethnically chinese
people who are offering a critique of
asian immigrant i think that's really
interesting to talk about the lies your
parents told you and how reality is
different from ideology great that's
meaningful but even this extreme example
where i think i think you know uh the
insults are broadly speaking right
there's still a really important sense
in which you're wrong because kindness
matters
and it matters for women it matters for
hot women imagine really attractive
women and it matters for handsome men
and it matters for ugly men too
just uh give an example you know um
uh you know who gets laid a lot in this
life tattoo artists
you know why not because they do tattoos
because they get to practice
sitting
and having a conversation with someone
you know before after and during the
tattoo and really being caring and
really being kind when you're
performing
the act of tattooing when you're drawing
attention they're in a lot of pain
you know and when they come to you and
they
you know they're they're getting the
consultation about what kind of tattoo
they're gonna get you're talking through
them
you have to be reassuring you have to be
kind when you're actually performing the
tattoo they're in pain and you know you
have to be kind you know and there may
be aftercare they come back with a
problem the tattoo gets infected like it
may not be the most efficient world but
tattoo artists are actually practicing
the skills all the time that both men
and women are looking for in a partner
they're looking for someone who can be
kind and caring and loving
etc you know now they also just talk to
a lot of people okay well how does that
compare to you [ __ ]
how does that compare to playing call of
duty modern warfare on your playstation
4 for six hours a day how does that
compare to playing pokemon for your
whole childhood
and then you grow up and you put on a
[ __ ] costume dress up like a pokemon
character and you go to a cosplay
convention and you can't understand why
none of these women want to sleep with
you you can't understand why nobody on
tinder wants to to sleep with you so
like even this example where the in
cells are like 80 right or 90 right
there's still like a significant
percentage in which they're wrong and
they're showing how blind they are to
the importance of of kindness
you know
um
i've experienced that in a few different
a few different cultures you know the
issue with women not be kind like it's
very different if you talk about chinese
women being mean or lotion or thai women
being mean or something and there is a
thing in some cultures where women are
kind of mean to you to show they want
you in some really screwed up sense or
something but you know i remember this
is before i was with melissa i remember
a very good-looking middle-aged woman so
i gotta say she's a 10. and if in case
you think i mean okay any woman who gets
to like her 30s or 40s and is still that
good looking and still that that thin
they have even more options because
they're way more scarce like there are
more women who are in shape and
attractive earlier so she'd gotten to a
later age she was still
really attractive
and um
we had a bunch of things in common like
veganism some i'm not gonna there were
reasons for us to be talking not
not just attraction whatever and you
know
she was really mean to me she was really
cruel and i didn't get upset and i you
know i don't know what extent she was
like you know testing me or you know i
don't know if this was like a strategy
on her part or something but you know i
remember just saying to her because she
was like the same age i was i think just
be honest i think she was a couple years
old i forgot i think she was going based
on i remember saying to her like look
you know
i'm divorced
i have a daughter
like so this was this is like after when
i was like explaining why i wasn't
interested in her i would never want you
in the same room as my daughter
like you're really mean like
i don't think i said it in those terms
like i said but i said it very similar
you know you're not a kind person you're
not kind you're not caring and yeah i'm
going into this really expecting a very
high level of of kindness and caring so
just saying most people never say that
most people most people never explain to
you why they reject you they never have
a conversation after the flirtation ends
or the thing doesn't work
normally it doesn't it doesn't happen
but you don't think there are women who
feel that way about men
like this guy is mean this guy is not
kind he's not caring this is not
something like maybe the woman is a
single mom this is a guy i'd never want
to be around my kid women feel that way
all the time
you don't think women felt that way
about elliot roger like this is a really
mean demented screwed up guy who spends
all his time playing video games that
involve shooting and stabbing people or
whatever you know what do you know he's
not nice guy so you know again like
we have to have sympathy for the incels
but the in-cells may really not realize
how important it is for them to have
sympathy for us for our perspective and
guys you know fundamentally
you want to live in our world
like
the sexy people aren't knocking on the
door trying to get into the in-cell
world right like if there's a bridge
between two islands
it's all the people on your island it's
all the people on the black pill in cell
island you want to come over the bridge
and join our island and live with the
the sexy people the people who are
getting laid and having meaningful
relationships and who are happy with
their lives in that way the rest of your
life may be a tragedy right so like you
know yeah you do have to you do have to
uh sympathize with way uh where we're
coming from
anyway guys i'm letting this
conversation go on in the in the chat i
don't know what
well it is what it is i mean you know
you don't need
anyone who's willing to listen to me
talk is willing to is uh welcome to post
their opinion and we get we get to hear
contrasting uh contrasting uh
perspectives this way
you know
so this is this is taking inspirations
instead so someone just uh commented
that veganism is a privilege
okay
how about being blue-pilled
what if being blue-pilled is a privilege
you know so what
like yeah you're right you know what
yeah i own this i only look at my
privilege bro
yo check out how privileged now this is
beautiful
i don't even know if this costs 10 bucks
yeah but yeah look at this beautiful
look look bro look at my privilege bro
look bro look bro i got jars i got jars
yo bro joe yo yo check out my privilege
yo yo man yeah this is like oregano man
bro i got all kinds of jars bro
yeah
yeah you know what oh oh like dude
dude i got kettle privilege and guys i'm
not i know what it's like to live a life
where you ain't got no jars and you
ain't got no kettle and all your
possessions fit in a backpack and you
don't know where you're gonna be two or
three months from now or whatever i know
what it's like to to live rough bro yeah
bro
what is this
how would you describe this color
uh
seafoam green okay
agree to disagree
yeah and i got a girl who disputes the
color of my kettle with me like bro yeah
i got all kinds of privilege bro so what
do i do with my privilege oh i'm vegan
i'm not gonna deny there's a level of
privilege you need to be vegan of course
so what bro
okay if you had enough privilege to be
blue pilled if you had enough privilege
to
live that better life that you resent
others would you do it
or like would you out of privilege be
black-pilled
but you know like what's the point
what's the point of your uh
yeah
it's got i don't mind these guys are
cracking me up that's good man invite
more insults to join the chat share the
link and i mean after this after this
live stream ceases to be live i'd be
totally happy if this uh if this gets
out too gets up to an audience 90 of
whom hate it because the other 10 will
really benefit from from hearing the set
yeah all right so um
okay
i do think another deep meaningful part
of the in-cell critique of mainstream
culture
is just insisting
on the overweening importance of
physical appearance and beauty in our
lives in 21st century so i agree with
that critique because i'm also morally
opposed to it i have made videos
recently talking about this from pardon
me from other perspectives uh the video
with andrew cuomo in the title the
critique of the morality of andrew cuomo
it talks a lot about the contrast
between like hiring someone because
they're beautiful
as opposed to hiring someone because
they're qualified so that's a great
video it's also like an hour-long
discussion of that but check out the
andrew cuomo video uh for for some more
reflections on that i do think that's a
really deep really meaningful really
necessary part of the in-cell discourse
and of the black pill discourse and
they're agonized about it because what
they have to say is their own parents
lied to them about this their school
teachers lied to them about this the
religious uh leaders lied about this you
know appearances do matter and so many
things in our society are decided on the
basis of sex appeal that shouldn't be
now i want to tell a short story here
my girlfriend melissa
who is a good-looking woman
in the prime of her life she's a 10.
she is
no no no okay so look so so you want to
blush you think melissa's not a ten
look babe you know so there's a
subjective 10 and there's an objective
right like to me she's a 10.
what okay so let's get into this real
brief
what does it mean for someone to
subjectively be a 10 out of 10 and then
what does it mean for them to be
objectively attentive okay she's
subjectively a tenant of ten because i'm
willing to embarrass myself
to initiate a relationship with her i'm
willing to take risks to initiate a
relationship with him right so now like
when i say that obviously in real life
it could just be like you have a
co-worker and you like them
but you don't like them enough to like
risk getting fired or screwing up your
job situation or having to quit you know
to start a relationship like you don't
like them enough maybe even to invite
them out to lunch and let them know how
much you okay well then they're not a
10. subjectively they're not because if
they were a 10
you'd say [ __ ] this job you know you
know
you know like they're things more
important than your job right you say
look you're if you really think this is
someone you can love and be in a
relationship with us your life they're a
perfect end to you that's that's a 10.
so you know the subjective 10 has to do
with am i willing to get out of my
comfort zone am i willing to really take
risks or make sacrifices to be with the
person so to me to me she's a 10 but the
object so that's the subjective
measurement the objective measurement is
way easier which is that in any
social context in any workplace
or in like a university where there are
a couple hundred students around
there would be multiple men vying for
your attention at any yes absolutely
it's absolutely true so you know i mean
like if if
you know if you go back to university to
learn chinese or something if you go
back to university there will be
multiple guys circling around and
figuring out now if they know you're
married if they know of course that's
different of course that's different but
the point is in the absence of that
information yeah so that's an objective
ten
period right so everybody is either a
zero or a ten in my opinion that's also
why i sympathize with these black pill
guys you know like i i get it when they
say they're a three out of ten i'm only
disagreeing saying no you're a zero
you know i'm sorry but like my judgment
is even more harsh nope either you're
either you're a zero or a ten bro
there's no in between so i like i'm in
that specific respect i am more black
built than than blackville you know what
i mean
um
anyway so look melissa is a good looking
woman in the prime of her life and she
has been considering
getting a career in the stock market
okay now
i say has been
she seems less interested in today than
she was six months ago but you know
maybe maybe in the next six months you
know it's not clear how uh it's not
clear how
how interesting she is in that court so
i was looking around on the internet i
would i forget exactly what i was
googling i might have been googling
specific colleges she can study at or
program something related to this and i
got an unrelated google search result
and it was a good-looking young woman
who looked
similar to melissa not like a striking
resemblance but like you know what i
mean like
you know somewhat similar looking woman
in the same time of life and she was
apparently already an accomplished stock
market analyst with a position on one of
these tv stations presenting her
analysis of what's happening in the
subway so i thought oh you know what
i'll do like just to encourage my
girlfriend to encourage melissa i'm
gonna google this woman
i'm gonna look up her like her linkedin
profile like her resume her cv i'm gonna
i'm gonna where did she go to college or
like what credentials did she get you
know like what you know did she so there
if you guys don't know about the stock
market there are specific
special courses you can take specific
credentials you get just
you don't you don't have to go to
university for it you can just take
these specialized of course so i look
this woman up
and it's so it's so black pill you know
and what you find is she had no
credentials
she had no work experience she had no
interest in the stock market or
economics whatsoever she was just a
good-looking actress who was hired for
this job to present herself as a stock
market analyst just because of her
appearance just because of her sex
appeal i wouldn't she wasn't that good
i'm sorry if she wasn't she wasn't like
amazingly gorgeous
but like you look at that and you think
you know
okay they're two perspectives that
some people look at that and say well
you know what i feel that that's okay
for the weather reporter on the news you
know the woman who reads out the weather
presents you with the sun look it's okay
to hire the weather reporter just on the
basis of being sexy or attractive but i
don't feel that's okay for the economist
for the stock market that should be
someone who has education
experience you know
okay but the the other person that's one
perspective my perspective is i don't
even accept it for the weather reporter
you know like i think you should hire an
ugly person who actually is an expert in
meteorology or climate change or
something you should hire someone of
real substance with real ability to be
the to be the weather reporter the
weather journalist
because they are the best person at that
job not because of how sexy they're on
camera and i think you should hire the
economics expert and so on too so yeah i
just made that was one of those black
pill notes so i have a whole other video
talking about that the extent to which
people are even hired as lawyers like
people are hired for really powerful
positions in politics and everything
else on the basis of how attractive they
are and you know bank tellers and
everything else and it sickens me i
think it's a really fundamental evil in
our society and it seems like the in
cells are the only people who care about
it i mean the feminists don't care
why isn't there look seriously no so the
next example i give will will
you know uh
drive this home you know what i'm saying
so look i got complaints that i'm not
interacting with the chat look homie you
have to interact with me i don't have to
keep up with you you have to keep up
with me homie you have to write stuff
that's worthwhile for me to respond to
that's on my level i don't have to come
down to your level and let me say this
is not twitch
you are you accustomed to twitch
streamers you think i'm going to sit
here and jiggle and give half sentence
responses to what you guys say no no
homie if you want to talk to a balacial
if you want to talk on about yell you
rise to about a sales level about what's
hell does not sink down to the level of
complaints in the chat so look at this
cool but i'm glad to see you guys are
glad to see you guys are
hashing it out
okay so i got i got a name for you here
if you don't know what i'm talking about
you can google this real real quick all
right
emma
vigeland
that's how i've heard it pronounced if
it's actually pronounced vigeland or
something i apologize
emma vigilant okay this is the most
black pilling example on planet earth
and it it demonstrates that the
feminists don't give a [ __ ] about this
okay
if you've ever watched emma wiggle and
talk about politics you probably have
the sense that she's a bimbo you
probably have the sense that she's an
airhead you probably have a sense that
she's not intelligent she's not well
informed she hasn't done any research
she doesn't have any background and you
may ask yourself
how did this person come to such a
position of prominence and influence in
the world and very briefly emma vigeland
she used to just do short segments
for the left wing
news commentary youtube show the young
turks now she does long format
like more than an hour long discussions
like uninterrupted one-hour monologue
talking about politics and her low level
of intelligence acumen research
experience it really shows
emma vigeland was hired as an intern
straight out of her ba
she had no
uh educational accomplishments she had
no career behind her she's never been
intelligent i'm going to live here and
say i have never heard her i have never
heard her say anything intelligent or
insightful
once in her broadcasting career it
seemed like from day one she was a
pretty face and everyone just tolerated
her because of her pretty face and there
have been many
many scandals and conflicts created by
her saying things that were unbelievably
stupid or unbelievably irresponsible now
again i'm not going to like footnote
this i'm not i'm not going to go out now
and watch 10 hours of her tape and like
clip together for you emma vigeland
being an airhead emma big one being
stupid emma big one being up being a
bimbo okay but if you know i mean you
can google her right now
there are a thousands there are
thousands of women who could do that job
better than her of course there are
thousands of men who could do that job
better than her you know what i mean but
like you know like is this what it's
come to in our culture like we care so
much about physical beauty and let's
let's be careful with some of them
i can't even say physical beauty it's
really just sexual attraction isn't it
it's just sexuality it's not even
beauty right that what you want is this
i mean it's a bit of a misuse of this
this kind of nubile
uh
new new graduate from university i
assume she was a teenager when she
graduated being recruited by jank wieger
the head of tyt like so you don't care
how stupid or pointless or brain-dead
the news commentary is as long as the
person is attracted like you know
it's deeply disturbing to me it's not
just a little bit disturbing to me it's
extremely profoundly disturbing to me
and i i would
i would like it so much more if there
were someone you know really hideously
ugly but who actually like researched
the political history of
afghanistan before sitting down to do a
broadcast on it you know so i just say
that's one of those things where
it's not about right or wrong
even if the incels are wrong they're
presenting an analysis and critique of
our society that's really important and
you know like the majority of the
audience for emma vigilant the majority
of the audience for tyt the young turks
the majority are feminists
if feminists had a problem with this
like over the last 10 years right we
would have heard it we would have seen
it if there had been activism from
feminists saying look why don't you hire
a 65 year old woman i'm not even saying
she's ugly but the 65 year old woman who
doesn't have this kind of sex appeal of
an 18 year old or something who's just
graduate of college hire a 65 year old
woman who actually has some depth and
some some expertise you know what i mean
you know
um
there has never been that kind of demand
it seems to me that feminists
just as much as the right wing except
living in this kind of
highly sexualized economy this economy
where beauty
and sex appeal is given
given such overweening importance above
and beyond
uh intellectual
intellectual
potential
intellectual accomplishments just
knowledge depth you know what whatever
it is you know i i'm sorry obviously
obviously i could say more
um
[Music]
well i'll repeat very briefly something
i said earlier in the video
if you think it hurts being rejected for
not being attractive enough
you probably haven't thought through
just how much it hurts to be rejected
for not being intelligent enough you
know so i'm not saying the world would
be a kinder gentler place if people like
emma viglund were evaluated
because their intellectual capacity
emotional depth
et cetera et cetera their knowledge
their capability their acumen their
conversancy with the facts and something
you know
in many ways the world would be just as
nasty and brutal or worse because you'd
be making judgments about people that
are that are deeper and more more
cutting right but
you know yeah
the in-cells are right to complain that
we live in a world where to a shocking
extent
even on the stock market
even in the feminist left-wing political
news people are being judged and being
hired for for their appearance in a way
that's that's really inappropriate and
is profoundly corrupting and profoundly
demoralizing uh to society as a whole
and to all of us okay now here's the
problem here's the problem with the
black pill perspective uh with the impel
in cell perspective and i think that
this is the sense in which we can
counter oppose the white pill to the
black pill so you don't see that term
you know
uh used as much so conceding
that appearances are so important that
handsomeness beauty and sexiness
conceding that they are so important in
some areas of competition does not mean
that they're important in all areas of
competition right so what next
why can't you
get motivated to compete in the areas
where you can win
or because again i am admitting some
people are black pilled for the right
reasons some people know how ugly they
are or they know how mentally disabled
they are like they know what they know
they have a stutter or they can't go
they know they have problems you know
you can compete in areas where you can
win
and you can compete in areas that are so
meaningful
that it will still be rewarding for you
to compete even if you lose
right so this comes back to what i said
whatever an hour ago now
where i was talking about the fact that
the n cells
um
they perceive sexual competition on a
mobile phone app like tinder as if it's
the most meaningful thing they perceive
sex between strangers at a nightclub as
if it's the most meaningful thing as
opposed to seeing it as the most
meaningless thing and even something
kind of disgusting and disturbing most
of us most of the sexy people most of us
people who've had successful
relationships and a successful sex life
we look down on
like sleeping around with strangers at a
nightclub we look down on you know
getting hooking up with randoms on on
tinder like
that's not the most highly esteemed form
of sexuality but the point is in terms
of discerning
what's meaningful from what's
meaningless you know yes people who've
taken the black pill are correct
that they can never go to a nightclub
and just have random strangers when i
say i agree with you right but the white
pill answer is to say there are more
meaningful competitions than
going to a nightclub and if you can't
find
any competition that works for you you
can start your own
you know so the most fundamental
problem
is actually passivity and i think most
in cells would agree that they are
fundamentally passive
character types rather than
rather than active
creative
characters their people were really
instigating you know something new so
you know i had a
very different conversation with a
friend of mine so i have a friend who
has experience doing humanitarian work
his experience
is in emergency medicine
uh
you know so helping people who have
bullet wounds and broken legs this kind
of emergency medicine yeah
and he was telling me that he applied um
to cooperate with med san francis so
this is uh doctors without borders it's
a large charity
he applied to work with this charity and
he was rejected he failed right
so you know what i wrote back to him i
would assume it surprised them but i
said to him look man you you gotta
[ __ ] have your head examined why are
you at this age at this stage in your
life why are you looking to work for
somebody else at all
you have to create your own charity you
have to be your own boss like you have
to initiate you have to take the
initiative and you have to take on the
responsibility i said it would be such a
waste of your time and such a waste of
your potential to be working for this
other charity for this other agency you
know
instead of
starting your own now i said a whole lot
of other things about that that i'm i'm
not gonna get into here
um
you know it's hard it's daunting it's
scary it's scary to feel that you are
entirely responsible that you are gonna
make a promise to your donors you're
gonna say hey donate money to me and
then i'm gonna go and help these poor
sick people or whenever he's gonna go to
a third world war-torn area you know
it's going to help people in a refugee
camp or whatever the particular project
is you know and it's hard to say that
you're going to do that on your own
authority on your own responsibility
that you personally will be accountable
quite likely in the 21st century you
personally will come on youtube and show
the receipts or something for the money
is being spent you know that you know
you are asking people to trust you
and that you're gonna give the orders
you're not gonna you're not gonna follow
orders you know what i'm saying
um
you know and there's something so
comforting
or reassuring
to just competing
in someone else's game
just being a player in the game in a
league or in a structure that someone
else you know has uh has created for you
you know
uh if you're an actor
okay all right sorry so i i'm going to
do this for one sec here all right
there are people who say
they are too
ugly
to be a successful actor let's say in
shakespeare okay
um
i made a video before saying look
if you are in a wheelchair
there are all these youtube channels
telling you to chase after your dreams
just move to los angeles and start going
to auditions and don't worry that you're
in a wheelchair just you know just think
positive you know it'll be fine i'm
willing to say to you you know what the
black pill is right if you are in a
wheelchair you are never going to no
matter how great an audition you do
there is no way you are going to be in a
broadway production of shakespeare
there's no way in los angeles you are
going to be cast to play the role of
hamlet in a i'm sorry like the black
pill in this sense is right you know
what i mean and you know
there is a question if you're talking
about someone who's really ugly
well there are roles for ugly people
there are villains in shakespeare you
know it's sad but it's true there were
people who are ugly and you're gonna say
look you are never gonna be hamlet
but if you're good at this like if
you're really great at performing
shakespeare if you really know your
stuff you know what there are some roles
you can get in shakespeare you can be
caliban you know what i'm saying
um
you know so there is this significant
sense
in which
you know what the black pillar is saying
is is right it's true we need to you
know we need to
pay attention to what the insults have
to say themselves but this still
presumes a fundamentally passive
perspective on the world right
this presumes that you're auditioning to
be an actor in someone else's play
right
and what i can say to you is positively
no matter how ugly you are
you can put on
your own production of shakespeare you
can be the one
doing the casting call you can be the
one choosing the actors right you can be
hideously ugly
and again maybe you play one of the
roles too maybe you play caliban maybe
you play iago maybe you play one of the
ugly characters in shakespeare no
offense you know if you're like if
you're the person who has the verve the
tenacity the initiative to to to make
your own game
to make your own competition to be
inviting others and then yeah you also
have to be
caring and kind and encouraging and
positive to others you know i mean if
you're taking on that role it requires a
lot of the kind of social skills that in
cells lack you know then in that
circumstance i can say no matter how
ugly you are
you can be involved in you know
producing
uh shakespeare
so
you know
last things first and first things last
why is it
that incels are so passive
i think it is entirely fair to say
that
the tragedy of the 21st century
that incels demonstrate for us is the
video gamification
of life
right and the reason why they cling to
tinder
as an example of all their problems and
everything that's supposedly wrong with
women and everything that's wrong with
the culture is that of course tinder
so much resembles
a video game right this is the reduction
of human sexuality to a video game and
it doesn't occur to them hey if i really
get out and start doing something
positive in the world
even if it's a failure right so
guys in case you hadn't heard
you know there's this civil war in syria
it's been going on for 10 years since
2011.
okay
if you're an insult right now and you're
watching this video
do you think you would still be an incel
if you had been organizing your own
charity your own humanitarian agency
on the syrian border let's say somehow
helping syrians in syria or immediately
adjacent
in refugee camps on the border if you
had been devoting your time and energy
to that for the last 11 years do you
think you'd still be an incel
you know think about the kind of
intellectual development
moral development like really ethically
you change as a person the kind of
emotional development the kind of depth
you have the ability you would have to
stand at a podium at a conference and
talk to people in a convincing and
moving way about the experiences you've
had in the last several years you know
where you stand up and say look when i
first arrived in syria this was my
perspective and now here's what i
understand that i didn't understand
before you don't think if you could
speak in that moving way to people about
something that really matters that there
be some woman in that crowd out there
who really responds to your voice and
your perspective and feel some kinship
for you um
you know
i think that some people are
black-pilled for the right reasons i
think there are some people who are
black-pilled and they can sincerely say
that they are so ugly
or you know they're so autistic you know
they may have a mental disability like
autism that they can say honestly that
no i'm wrong that whether they became
the director of a production of
shakespeare's hamlet or whatever
whatever play by shakespeare you prefer
you know whether they got into the
theater and started uh mounting their
own dramas or whether they
were involved in humanitarian work in
syria or anything else they can say that
they are either so ugly or they're so
mentally disabled that still no woman
would ever want them you know what i
have to say you're right
i believe you
it's your sorrow it's your suffering
it's your story and you are an expert in
your own life and i am in no position to
tell you that you're wrong if you think
you're that ugly or you know you're that
disabled one way or another you're that
incapable of communicating with people
verbally you know what you're right i
agree with you but here's where i'm
right
if you would get out and try
if you would quit playing video games i
don't mean playing less i mean if you
would quit entirely you'd never turn on
the playstation 4 again once in your
life if you would quit playing video
games and you would get out and do
something really meaningful
whether that's humanitarian work or
mounting a new production of shakespeare
something that brings other people into
your life in a meaningful way
both cooperatively and
and competitively because there were
competitive aspects to all these things
there are people who are your enemies
there are people you hate you know okay
if you did that
even if you fail even if you fail again
and again and again
you would have a life worth living you
would have a life that was tremendously
meaningful and rewarding and you'd be
able to say i'm so glad i did this i'm
so glad i came out here and failed as
opposed to staying in my apartment
playing video games living a life in
which you never even really tried